Ah
Welcome back
Oh come on don’t gimme that look we both know the drill
Knowing you I’m just curious how long until you use an actual drill to get into my head
Y’know first one to hell’s a rotten egg! Hehe
All business with you today. Fine. But I tell ya you keep poking and prodding my head like this … you might not like what you fiiiiiind~
Oh well! good Morniiiiiinnnggg~ to you, Doku! Oo I could get used to this, more of this please!
*sigh* Anyway, what’s on the interrogation menu today?
That was rhetorical.
I know what you want.
And you know that I know.
And you also know that you won’t get it.
Becauseeeee you also also know that my brain’s way too far gone for either of us to get it.
So I guess my real question is … why are you here?
Scumbag? I may not remember much about Tox but I do remember that I practically raised him after what happened.
The only scumbag here is the one who imprisons the people who are out on the street, struggling for survival.
The one who locks em in a box and throws away the key, who proclaims they’re a protector of their beautiful city and its citizens.
And not trusting? puh-lease.
Tox trusted me with his life. To protect him from you.
Can you say that about yourself?
Does anybody in this city actually trust you?
Or do they just do what you say so you don’t beat the shit out of them?
Well I could say that about me and Tox y’know.
That we could trust each other.
And you took that from me.
He’s out there somewhere. Alone. Cold. Hungry.
And if he stays that way, one day he’s just gonna be another name on your list.
Another key for you to throw away.
(You barely noticed how close to your face he had gotten)
Wait… 
You… fed him?
How else do you think he survived so long without parents?
If you give me a few days I can figure out a way drop the charges. I’ll look after him until then.
Ah-! I … what?
(You turn to leave before he can ask why or he can see your cloudy eyes)
Oh, you wanna about violence? Well would you like to remind me who shot who the first time we met?
Oh it was when I was still living in the warehouse, I remember dearly.
I remember you breaking down the door, shining a light in my face, yelling to get away from the kid.
Only you didn’t even give me the chance to get away from the kid.
Because you didn’t ask who I was, who the kid was, or why we were hiding out the rain and sharing food from the trash together.
Ah memories, it brings a tear to my eye.
Literally.
I still have nightmares where I’m crawling away from you with a bullet in my leg and Tox screaming.
Why? Because you’re the living embodiment of the “shoot first ask questions later” kinda cop.
You sons of bitches only care about keeping the prisons full and the hobos off the streets.
You all deserve every violent thing anyone's ever done to you.
And I swear to god if you lay a finger on Tox I will slaughter every one of you dogs with my bare hands.
You know what? That’s all I needed to hear.
You’re a lost cause.
(You gesture to the officers on the other side of one way glass, they come in and routinely cuff him back up and bring him out into the hall)
Yeah and you know what would make me a lot more stable?
If I could die knowing I did at least one goddamn good deed in my life.
But you don’t think I can.
Nobody can.
And my only chance at proving you all wrong is probably dead by now. And probably by your hands.
Look me in the eyes and tell me he’s still alive.
(You genuinely don't know what happened to him after the fight, you were too focused on Topaz)
(And even if you did, you're still busy processing what he's saying to respond properly)
No… no no no no no NO.
YOU MOTHERFUCKERS.
HE WAS THE ONE THING I HAD.
I WAS THE ONE THING HE HAD.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU WANNA SEE UNSTABLE.
ILL SHOW YOU HOW UNSTABLE I AM WITHOUT HIM.
(He reaches for your gun, you hadn’t realized how close you had gotten in the heat of the argument)
(Before you can fully react he pulls it out, you manage to grab his hand before he can point it any one)
(But his adrenaline was stronger than your training)
(He manages to to tip the barrel just enough)
(Just not the direction you were expecting)
BANG
(His brains splatter on the wall and ceiling)
(Leaving you alone in utter silence)
